so
so to the chief musician a psalm of david
to the chief musician a psalm of david
to the chief musician a psalm of david the servant of the lord in oracle within
the servant of the lord in oracle within
the servant of the lord in oracle within my heart concerning the transgression of
my heart concerning the transgression of
my heart concerning the transgression of the wicked there is no fear of God
the wicked there is no fear of God
the wicked there is no fear of God before his eyes for he flatters himself
before his eyes for he flatters himself
before his eyes for he flatters himself in his own eyes when he finds out his
in his own eyes when he finds out his
in his own eyes when he finds out his iniquity and when he hates the words of
iniquity and when he hates the words of
iniquity and when he hates the words of his mouth our wickedness and deceit
his mouth our wickedness and deceit
his mouth our wickedness and deceit he has ceased to be wise and to do good
he has ceased to be wise and to do good
he has ceased to be wise and to do good he devises wickedness on his bed
he devises wickedness on his bed
he devises wickedness on his bed he sets himself in a way that is not
he sets himself in a way that is not
he sets himself in a way that is not good he does not abort evil your mercy O
good he does not abort evil your mercy O
good he does not abort evil your mercy O Lord is in the heavens your faithfulness
Lord is in the heavens your faithfulness
Lord is in the heavens your faithfulness reaches to the clouds your righteousness
reaches to the clouds your righteousness
reaches to the clouds your righteousness is like the great mountains your
is like the great mountains your
is like the great mountains your judgments are a great deep Oh Lord you
judgments are a great deep Oh Lord you
judgments are a great deep Oh Lord you preserve man and beast how precious is
preserve man and beast how precious is
preserve man and beast how precious is your loving-kindness
your loving-kindness
your loving-kindness o God therefore the children of men put
o God therefore the children of men put
o God therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of your
their trust under the shadow of your
their trust under the shadow of your wings they are abundantly satisfied with
wings they are abundantly satisfied with
wings they are abundantly satisfied with the fullness of your house and you give
the fullness of your house and you give
the fullness of your house and you give them drink from the river of your
them drink from the river of your
them drink from the river of your pleasures for with you is the fountain
pleasures for with you is the fountain
pleasures for with you is the fountain of life in your light we see light Oh
of life in your light we see light Oh
of life in your light we see light Oh continue your loving kindness to those
continue your loving kindness to those
continue your loving kindness to those who know you and your righteousness to
who know you and your righteousness to
who know you and your righteousness to the upright in heart let not the foot of
the upright in heart let not the foot of
the upright in heart let not the foot of pride come against me and let not the
pride come against me and let not the
pride come against me and let not the hand of the wicked drive me away they're
hand of the wicked drive me away they're
hand of the wicked drive me away they're the workers of iniquity have fallen
the workers of iniquity have fallen
the workers of iniquity have fallen they have been cast down and are not
they have been cast down and are not
they have been cast down and are not able to rise
able to rise
able to rise you